# Extract photo metadata to CSV
This repository contains deliverables for the final programming project for Foundations of Information Processing, IS452AO, Spring 2018, offered by the iSchool at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign and taught by Elizabeth Wickes.
The project deliverables comprise the following files:
<ul><li>Jupyter Notebook <b>Photo-Metadata_Extraction-and-Formatting.ipynb</b>: This notebook presents the Python code and explanatory comments for the completed program. For reference, the <b>Photos</b> directory used to test the program is included in this repository.
  <li>Python file <b>Photo-Metadata_Extraction-and-Formatting.py</b>: This is a copy of the program that can be used outside Jupyter Notebooks.
  <li>CSV file <b>photo_data.csv</b>: This file was generated by running the Photo Metadata Extraction and Formatting program. The file was generated successfully by running the program in Jupyter and in PyCharm.
  <li>Excel file <b>photo_data.xlsx</b>: This file was created by saving the generated CSV file in the XLSX format. Selected statistics about the photo data are displayed in a pivot table and chart on a separate sheet titled "pivot chart." NOTE: This file was removed from the public repository for privacy reasons.
  <li>This <b>README.md</b> file</ul>
<b>Note:</b> The project narrative file was submitted separately, via Moodle. The narrative file includes a description of the project process and links to the original photo collections.<br>
<br>Submitted by Heather Campbell, 11 May 2018
